README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="frontend/src/assets/restflow.svg" alt="RestFlow Logo" width="120" height="120" />

  # RestFlow

  **🦀 RestFlow works for you**

  Visual workflow automation powered by Rust & AI agents

  [![Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/demo-restflow.ai-brightgreen)](https://restflow.ai)
  [![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-docs.restflow.ai-blue)](https://docs.restflow.ai/)
  [![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-prototype-orange)](https://github.com/lhwzds/restflow)
  [![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-1.82%2B-dea584)](https://www.rust-lang.org/)
  [![Vue 3](https://img.shields.io/badge/vue-3.x-4fc08d)](https://vuejs.org/)

</div>

---

## Workflow Editor

![RestFlow Workflow Editor](./docs/images/workflow-editor.png)

## Quick Start

### Try the Demo

**[restflow.ai](https://restflow.ai)** - Live demo deployed on Vercel

### Start with docker

```bash
docker compose up -d --build
```

Access at http://localhost:3000

## Documentation

**[docs.restflow.ai](https://docs.restflow.ai/)** - Full documentation

- [API Reference](https://docs.restflow.ai/api/backend/) - Rust backend API documentation

- [Code Coverage](https://docs.restflow.ai/coverage/tarpaulin-report.html) - Test coverage reports

Commit message:

docs: Update README to emphasize early development status

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="frontend/src/assets/restflow.svg" alt="RestFlow Logo" width="120" height="120" />

  # RestFlow

  **🦀 RestFlow works for you**

  Visual workflow automation powered by Rust & AI agents

  [![Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/demo-restflow.ai-brightgreen)](https://restflow.ai)
  [![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-docs.restflow.ai-blue)](https://docs.restflow.ai/)
  [![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-prototype-orange)](https://github.com/lhwzds/restflow)
  [![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-1.82%2B-dea584)](https://www.rust-lang.org/)
  [![Vue 3](https://img.shields.io/badge/vue-3.x-4fc08d)](https://vuejs.org/)

</div>

> ⚠️ **Early Development** - This project is in active development. APIs and features may change.

---

## Workflow Editor

![RestFlow Workflow Editor](./docs/images/workflow-editor.png)

## Quick Start

### Try the Demo

**[restflow.ai](https://restflow.ai)** - Live demo deployed on Vercel

### Start with docker

```bash
docker compose up -d --build
```

Access at http://localhost:3000

## Documentation

**[docs.restflow.ai](https://docs.restflow.ai/)** - Full documentation

- [API Reference](https://docs.restflow.ai/api/backend/) - Rust backend API documentation

- [Code Coverage](https://docs.restflow.ai/coverage/tarpaulin-report.html) - Test coverage reports
